file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:17:17 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	175	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	415	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	730	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	M1	175	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	M1	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	M1	415	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	M1	730	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	M2	730	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	175	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	415	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	730	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	M1	175	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	M1	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	M1	415	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	M1	730	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	M2	730	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	54	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	730	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	M1	54	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	M1	730	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	M2	730	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:21:21 2021. The process took 244.00 secs, i.e., 4 mins and 4.00 secs
