file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:43:29 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	1801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	PB1	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	PB1	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	PB1	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	PB1	1801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	31	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	987	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	2315	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	PB1	31	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	PB1	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	PB1	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	PB1	987	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	1801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	PB1	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	PB1	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	PB1	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	PB1	1801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	862	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	987	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	2315	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	PB1	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	PB1	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	PB1	862	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	PB1	987	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	PB1	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	364	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	502	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	651	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	724	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	757	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	787	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	937	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	955	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1336	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1406	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1672	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1778	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1804	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	2191	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	2309	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	364	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	502	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	651	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	724	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	757	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	787	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	937	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	955	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	1336	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	1406	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	1672	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	1778	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	1804	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	1999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	2191	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	644	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	862	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	987	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	2315	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	PB1	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	PB1	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	PB1	644	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	PB1	862	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	PB1	987	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	364	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	502	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	651	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	724	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	757	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	787	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	937	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	955	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1336	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1406	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1672	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	2191	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	2309	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	364	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	502	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	651	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	724	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	757	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	787	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	937	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	955	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	1336	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	1406	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	1672	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	1999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	2191	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	40	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	478	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	880	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	1039	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	1777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	1966	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	2056	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB1	40	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB1	478	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB1	880	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB1	1039	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB1	1777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB1	1966	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB1	2056	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	644	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	PB1	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	PB1	644	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	478	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	880	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	1039	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	1777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	1966	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	2056	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB1	478	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB1	880	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB1	1039	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB1	1777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB1	1966	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB1	2056	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	40	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	418	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	478	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	880	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	1039	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	1777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	1966	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	2056	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB1	40	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB1	418	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB1	478	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB1	880	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB1	1039	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB1	1777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB1	1966	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB1	2056	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	40	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	478	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	1039	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	1777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	1966	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	2056	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	PB1	40	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	PB1	478	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	PB1	1039	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	PB1	1777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	PB1	1966	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	PB1	2056	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	40	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	418	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	478	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	1039	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	1777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	1966	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	2056	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB1	40	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB1	418	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB1	478	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB1	1039	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB1	1777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB1	1966	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB1	2056	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	PB1	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	PB1	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	PB1	900	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	PB1	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	862	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	1714	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	PB1	862	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	PB1	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	PB1	1714	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	PB1	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	31	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	644	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	987	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	2315	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	PB1	31	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	PB1	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	PB1	644	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	PB1	987	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	PB1	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	PB1	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	PB1	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	31	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	451	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	880	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	1801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	1822	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB1	31	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB1	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB1	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB1	451	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB1	880	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB1	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB1	1801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB1	1822	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	1801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	PB1	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	PB1	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	PB1	1801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	451	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	880	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	1801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	1822	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB1	412	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB1	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB1	451	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB1	880	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB1	1402	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB1	1801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB1	1822	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	157	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	2315	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	PB1	157	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	PB1	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	PB1	310	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	PB1	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	PB1	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	157	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB1	157	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB1	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB1	310	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB1	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB1	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	157	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	2315	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB1	157	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB1	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB1	310	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB1	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB1	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	157	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	862	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	2315	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB1	157	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB1	193	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB1	310	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB1	497	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB1	862	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB1	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	862	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	2041	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	PB1	862	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	PB1	1468	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	PB1	2041	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	31	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	2041	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	PB1	31	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	PB1	1900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	PB1	2041	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:50:11 2021. The process took 402.00 secs, i.e., 6 mins and 42.00 secs
