file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:17:16 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	984	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	1539	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	PB2	984	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	PB2	1539	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	605	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1143	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1539	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB2	605	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB2	1143	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB2	1539	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB2	1654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	605	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	835	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1143	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1539	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB2	605	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB2	835	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB2	1143	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB2	1539	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB2	1654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	PB2	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	PB2	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	PB2	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	NA	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	PB2	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	NA	1320	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	NA	2136	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	PB2	1320	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	PB2	2136	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004246.vcf	NA	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004246.vcf	NA	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004246.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004246.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004246.vcf	PB2	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004246.vcf	PB2	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004246.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004246.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	PB2	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	NA	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	NA	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	NA	158	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	PB2	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	PB2	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	PB2	158	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004380.vcf	NA	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004380.vcf	NA	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004380.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004380.vcf	PB2	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004380.vcf	PB2	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004380.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	87	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1635	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	2013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB2	87	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB2	1635	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB2	2013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	823	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	PB2	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	PB2	823	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	NA	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	PB2	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	NA	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	NA	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	PB2	33	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	PB2	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	823	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PB2	105	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PB2	123	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PB2	823	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:24:44 2021. The process took 448.00 secs, i.e., 7 mins and 28.00 secs
