file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 06:41:33 2021
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NP	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NP	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NP	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	435	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	903	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1020	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1120	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1200	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1329	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	435	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	903	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	1020	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	1120	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	1200	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	1329	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	435	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	954	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1120	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1200	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1285	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1299	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	435	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	954	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	1120	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	1200	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	1284	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	1285	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	1299	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003675.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003675.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003675.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003675.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	297	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	435	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	954	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1120	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1285	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1329	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	297	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	435	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	954	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	1120	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	1284	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	1285	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	1329	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003677.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003677.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003677.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003677.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	297	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	435	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	657	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	903	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	954	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1020	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1329	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NP	297	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NP	435	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NP	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NP	657	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NP	903	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NP	954	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NP	1020	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NP	1329	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NP	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	693	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NP	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NP	693	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NP	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NP	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	186	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	297	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	903	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1020	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1120	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	186	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	297	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	903	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	1020	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	1120	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	1284	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	186	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	297	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	435	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	657	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	903	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	1020	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	1285	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	1299	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	186	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	297	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	435	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	657	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	903	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	1020	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	1285	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	1299	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	297	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	657	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	903	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	954	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1020	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1120	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1200	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1285	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1329	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	297	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	622	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	657	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	903	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	954	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	1020	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	1120	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	1200	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	1284	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	1285	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	1329	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	39	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	984	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NP	39	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NP	984	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NP	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NP	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NP	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	NA	147	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	NP	147	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	NP	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	NP	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NP	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NP	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	147	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NP	147	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NP	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NP	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NP	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NP	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	147	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NP	147	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NP	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NP	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	147	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NP	147	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NP	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NP	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NA	543	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NA	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NP	543	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NP	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NP	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	543	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NP	543	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NP	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NP	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NP	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NP	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	1062	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NP	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NP	1062	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NP	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NP	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NP	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NP	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NA	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NP	477	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NP	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NP	477	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NP	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NP	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	147	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NP	147	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NP	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	NP	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	NA	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	NP	477	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	NP	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	1140	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	1470	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NP	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NP	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NP	1140	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NP	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NP	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NP	1470	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	543	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NP	543	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NP	1356	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NP	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	NP	477	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006112.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006112.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006112.vcf	NP	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006112.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006329.vcf	NA	117	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006329.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006329.vcf	NP	117	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006329.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NP	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NP	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NP	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NP	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	NP	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NP	1092	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NP	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NP	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NP	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NP	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NP	741	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NA	474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NA	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NA	1440	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NP	474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NP	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NP	1440	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NP	270	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NP	318	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NP	573	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NP	829	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NP	1266	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NP	1332	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	NP	285	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 06:52:44 2021. The process took 671.00 secs, i.e., 11 mins and 11.00 secs
