file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 06:56:18 2021
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	HA_antigenic	87	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather AAT. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	HA_nonantigenic	15	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather ACC. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013863.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013863.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013863.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013863.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013863.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013863.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013864.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013864.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013864.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013864.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013864.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013864.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014028.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014028.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014028.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014028.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014028.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014028.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014029.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014029.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014029.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014029.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014029.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014029.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014030.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014030.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014030.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014030.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014030.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014030.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014031.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014031.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014031.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014031.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014031.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014031.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014149.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014149.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014149.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014149.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014149.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014149.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014170.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014170.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014170.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014170.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014171.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014171.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014171.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014171.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014171.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014171.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014176.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014176.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014176.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014176.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014176.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014176.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014177.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014177.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014177.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014177.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014177.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014177.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014303.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014303.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014303.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014303.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014303.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014303.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014305.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014305.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014305.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014305.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014305.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014305.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014310.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014310.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014310.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014310.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014310.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014310.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014360.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014360.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014360.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014360.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014360.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014360.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014363.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014363.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014363.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014363.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014363.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014363.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014366.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014366.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014366.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014366.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014366.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014366.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014370.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014370.vcf	NA	1268	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014370.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014370.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014370.vcf	HA	1268	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014370.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014370.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014370.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1268	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014370.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014380.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014380.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014380.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014380.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014380.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014380.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014484.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014484.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014484.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014484.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	NA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	HA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014509.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014509.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014509.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014509.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014509.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014509.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014538.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014538.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014538.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014538.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014538.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014538.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014540.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014540.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014540.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014540.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014540.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014540.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014558.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014558.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014558.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014558.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014558.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014558.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014625.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014625.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014625.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014625.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014625.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014625.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	26	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	249	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1355	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1457	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	26	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	249	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	352	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	1355	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	1457	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	1484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_antigenic	249	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_antigenic	352	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	26	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1355	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1457	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014817.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014817.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014817.vcf	HA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014817.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014817.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014817.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014818.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014818.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014818.vcf	HA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014818.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014818.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014818.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014826.vcf	NA	953	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014826.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014826.vcf	HA	953	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014826.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014826.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	953	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014826.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	NA	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	NA	1457	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	HA	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	HA	1457	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1457	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	26	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	249	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1355	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1457	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	26	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	249	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	352	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	1355	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	1457	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	1484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_antigenic	249	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_antigenic	352	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	26	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1355	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1457	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	NA	1034	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	HA	1034	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1034	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015086.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015086.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015086.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015086.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015086.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015086.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015092.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015092.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015092.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015092.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015092.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015092.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	NA	461	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	NA	1037	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	HA	461	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	HA	1037	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	HA_antigenic	461	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1037	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	584	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	HA	584	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	HA_antigenic	584	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001443.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001443.vcf	NA	1034	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001443.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001443.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001443.vcf	HA	1034	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001443.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001443.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001443.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1034	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001443.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001447.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001447.vcf	NA	1034	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001447.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001447.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001447.vcf	HA	1034	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001447.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001447.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001447.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1034	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001447.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	584	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	965	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	1664	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA	584	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA	965	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA	1664	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA_antigenic	584	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA_antigenic	965	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1664	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	126	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	842	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	1290	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA	126	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA	842	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA	1290	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA_antigenic	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA_antigenic	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	126	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	842	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1290	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	226	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	1655	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA	226	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA	1655	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA_antigenic	226	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1655	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001885.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001885.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001885.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001885.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001885.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001885.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	HA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	1361	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA	1361	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1361	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	809	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA	809	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA_antigenic	809	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	809	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA	809	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA_antigenic	809	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	809	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	1694	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA	809	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA	1694	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA_antigenic	809	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1694	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	NA	1562	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	HA	1562	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1562	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	HA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	126	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	842	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA	126	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA	842	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA_antigenic	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	126	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	842	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	126	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	842	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	1290	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA	126	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA	842	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA	1290	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_antigenic	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_antigenic	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	126	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	842	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1290	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	226	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA	226	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA_antigenic	226	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	1007	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	1688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA	1007	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA	1688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1007	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	NA	1688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	HA	1688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	1007	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	1688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA	1007	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA	1688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1007	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	1256	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	1304	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA	1256	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA	1304	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1256	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1304	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	26	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	249	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1355	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA	26	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA	249	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA	352	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA	1355	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA	1484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA_antigenic	249	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA_antigenic	352	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	26	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1130	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1355	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002895.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002895.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002895.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002895.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002895.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002895.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	1493	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	HA	1493	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1493	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	NA	1578	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	HA	1578	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1578	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 46 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 46 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 21 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 25 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	NA	1578	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	HA	1578	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1578	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	856	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	HA	101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	HA	856	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	856	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003988.vcf	NA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003988.vcf	NA	1578	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003988.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003988.vcf	HA	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003988.vcf	HA	1578	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003988.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003988.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003988.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1578	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003988.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA_antigenic	699	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 34 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 34 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	856	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	1064	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	1602	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA	101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA	856	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA	1064	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA	1602	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	856	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1064	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1602	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 39 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 39 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 20 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	610	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	1430	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA	610	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA	1430	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA_antigenic	610	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1430	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 32 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 32 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1213	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 41 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1213	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 41 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 20 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1213	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 21 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 39 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 39 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 25 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	621	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 38 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 38 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 18 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 20 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 28 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 28 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	621	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 49 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 49 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 21 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 28 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 35 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 35 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 28 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 28 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 18 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 28 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 28 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	458	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 17 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	1430	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	HA	1430	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	HA	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1430	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	NA	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	HA	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1445	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 33 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 33 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	847	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1460	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1706	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	1256	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	1304	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA	1256	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA	1304	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	725	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1256	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1304	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	HA	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	HA	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	HA	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	HA	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	333	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1013	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 35 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 35 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	489	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	490	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	497	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	722	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	482	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1052	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1142	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1214	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1508	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 20 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:42:25 2021. The process took 2767.00 secs, i.e., 46 mins and 7.00 secs
