file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 06:56:17 2021
temp_vcf4_17VR014509.vcf	NA	549	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014509.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014509.vcf	PB1	549	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014509.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014650.vcf	NA	794	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014650.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014650.vcf	PB1	794	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014650.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	201	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1407	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1875	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB1	201	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB1	1407	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB1	1875	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB1-F2	201	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	438	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	501	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	720	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	1476	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB1	438	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB1	501	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB1	720	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB1	1476	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	201	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	599	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1407	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1875	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB1	201	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB1	599	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB1	1407	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB1	1875	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB1-F2	201	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB1	1422	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001154.vcf	NA	1925	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001154.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001154.vcf	PB1	1925	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001154.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	720	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	1476	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB1	720	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB1	933	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB1	1476	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	499	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB1	499	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB1	1422	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	2181	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB1	2181	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	600	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	1780	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB1	600	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB1	1780	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	1909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB1	1909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	1552	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	1909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB1	1552	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB1	1909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	1552	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	1909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB1	1552	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB1	1909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	1909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB1	1909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	2181	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB1	2181	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	600	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	1780	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PB1	600	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PB1	1780	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	918	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	1061	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	2121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB1	918	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB1	1061	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB1	2121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	1190	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PB1	1190	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	1190	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	2211	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PB1	1190	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PB1	2211	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	NA	1906	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	PB1	1906	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	2121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PB1	2121	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	1150	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PB1	1150	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	201	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1407	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	2124	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB1	201	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB1	1407	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB1	2124	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB1-F2	201	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	51	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	1190	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PB1	51	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PB1	1190	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002835.vcf	NA	831	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002835.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002835.vcf	PB1	831	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002835.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002895.vcf	NA	831	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002895.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002895.vcf	PB1	831	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002895.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1026	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1416	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1830	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1875	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB1	1026	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB1	1416	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB1	1830	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB1	1875	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	1923	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PB1	1923	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	NA	831	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	PB1	831	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1920	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	1920	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1-F2	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	658	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	PB1	658	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003655.vcf	NA	831	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003655.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003655.vcf	PB1	831	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003655.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	NA	831	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	PB1	831	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	1902	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB1	1902	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	213	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	1875	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB1	213	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB1	1875	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB1-F2	213	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	658	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB1	658	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	1902	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB1	510	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB1	1902	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	1026	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	1416	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	1875	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB1	1026	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB1	1416	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB1	1875	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB1	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB1	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB1	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1-F2	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB1	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB1	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB1	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	409	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	653	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1-F2	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB1	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB1	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB1	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB1	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1-F2	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1-F2	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1	537	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1-F2	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	1026	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PB1	1026	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	NA	1026	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	NA	1416	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	PB1	1026	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	PB1	1416	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	1690	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	1800	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1-F2	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1	1873	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1	2055	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1-F2	237	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	774	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PB1	774	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	646	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB1	646	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB1	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB1	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB1	708	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB1	1227	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB1	1797	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB1	1887	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB1	2208	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB1-F2	225	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:32:10 2021. The process took 2153.00 secs, i.e., 35 mins and 53.00 secs
