file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:17:17 2021
N/A	PB1	1182	Mid-sequence STOP codon. Please check your annotations for: (1) incorrect frame; or (2) incorrect starting or ending coordinates. A premature STOP codon may also indicate a pseudogene, for which piN vs. piS analysis may not be appropriate.
N/A	PB1-F2	142	Mid-sequence STOP codon. Please check your annotations for: (1) incorrect frame; or (2) incorrect starting or ending coordinates. A premature STOP codon may also indicate a pseudogene, for which piN vs. piS analysis may not be appropriate.
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	354	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	651	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB1	354	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB1	651	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB1-F2	354	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	416	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	822	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1312	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB1	416	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB1	822	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB1	1312	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	PB1	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	NA	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	PB1	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	NA	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	PB1	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	PB1	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	NA	714	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	PB1	714	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	PB1	630	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	PB1	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	NA	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	PB1	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1555	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1663	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	2137	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	2170	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB1	1555	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB1	1663	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB1	2137	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB1	2170	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	PB1	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	NA	714	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	PB1	714	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	NA	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	PB1	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PB1	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PB1	801	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PB1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PB1-F2	153	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PB1-F2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:25:16 2021. The process took 479.00 secs, i.e., 7 mins and 59.00 secs
