file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:26:49 2021
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	115	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	613	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	M1	115	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	M1	613	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	85	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	M1	85	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	85	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	M1	85	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	85	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	M1	85	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	85	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	M1	85	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	85	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	M1	85	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	M1	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	M1	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	M2	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	M1	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	M1	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	M2	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M1	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M1	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M2	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	415	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	784	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	M1	415	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	M2	784	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	502	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	511	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	M1	502	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	M1	511	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M1	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M1	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M2	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	415	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	568	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	637	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	724	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	M1	415	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	M1	568	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	M1	637	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	M1	724	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M1	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M1	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M2	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	M1	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	M2	763	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	415	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	784	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	M1	415	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	M2	784	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	415	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	784	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	M1	415	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	M2	784	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	502	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	511	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	M1	502	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	M1	511	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	M1	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	502	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	511	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	M1	502	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	M1	511	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	M2	830	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	491	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	M1	491	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	136	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	589	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	M1	61	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	M1	136	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	M1	589	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	M1	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	M2	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M1	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M2	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M1	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M2	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	M1	643	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	M1	352	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	M1	667	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M1	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M2	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M1	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M2	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M1	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M2	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M1	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M2	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	6	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M1	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M1	298	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M1	319	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M1	700	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M1	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M1	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M2	19	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M2	742	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M2	769	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M2	876	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	M2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:36:55 2021. The process took 606.00 secs, i.e., 10 mins and 6.00 secs
