file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:43:27 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	1355	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	1543	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NP	1355	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NP	1543	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	1195	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	1763	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NP	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NP	1195	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	532	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	1355	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	1543	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NP	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NP	532	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NP	1355	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NP	1543	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	1195	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NP	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NP	1195	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	163	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	196	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	568	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	727	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	928	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	964	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1399	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1543	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1579	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1743	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	163	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	196	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	568	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	727	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	812	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	928	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	964	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	1399	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	1543	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	1579	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	1763	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	163	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	196	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	727	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	928	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	964	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1399	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1579	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1743	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NP	163	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NP	196	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NP	727	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NP	928	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NP	964	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NP	1399	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NP	1579	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	76	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NP	76	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	1763	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	76	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	1355	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	1543	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NP	76	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NP	1355	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NP	1543	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	76	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NP	76	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	907	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NP	907	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	76	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	1195	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NP	76	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NP	1195	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	1135	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NP	1135	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	1355	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	1543	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NP	1355	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NP	1543	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NP	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	529	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NP	529	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	76	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	529	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	1534	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NP	76	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NP	529	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NP	1534	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	529	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	1534	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NP	529	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NP	1534	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	529	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	1534	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NP	529	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NP	1534	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	1099	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NP	1099	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	1099	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NP	379	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NP	1099	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:49:16 2021. The process took 349.00 secs, i.e., 5 mins and 49.00 secs
