file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 06:56:18 2021
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	NA	381	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	PB2	381	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	NA	2206	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	PB2	2206	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013817.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014028.vcf	NA	381	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014028.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014028.vcf	PB2	381	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014028.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014029.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014029.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014077.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014174.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014310.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014310.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014363.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014363.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014363.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014363.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014365.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014365.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014365.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014365.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014365.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014367.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014380.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014380.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014380.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014380.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014490.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014572.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014572.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014572.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014572.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014572.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	455	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1758	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB2	455	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB2	630	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB2	1758	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	693	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB2	693	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB2	1797	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014893.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014893.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	NA	455	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	PB2	455	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	455	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1758	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB2	455	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB2	630	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB2	1758	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015078.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015086.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015086.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015086.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015086.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	NA	1053	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	PB2	1053	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001031.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	394	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	483	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	729	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	1098	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB2	394	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB2	483	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB2	729	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB2	1098	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	1680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	1690	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	1797	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB2	1680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB2	1690	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB2	1797	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	394	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	483	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	729	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	1098	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	394	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	483	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	729	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	1098	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	729	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB2	729	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB2	1092	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	NA	666	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	PB2	666	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001887.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	315	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB2	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB2	315	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB2	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB2	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB2	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB2	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001891.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	NA	1246	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	PB2	1246	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB2	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB2	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002043.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	NA	1246	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	PB2	1246	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002046.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	NA	666	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	PB2	666	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002057.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PB2	1092	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	729	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB2	729	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB2	1092	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	244	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	615	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB2	244	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB2	615	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002369.vcf	NA	666	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002369.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002369.vcf	PB2	666	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002369.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002372.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	244	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	615	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PB2	244	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PB2	615	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	267	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	455	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	600	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1372	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1758	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	267	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	455	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	600	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	630	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	1372	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	1758	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	693	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	972	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1521	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	2076	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB2	693	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB2	972	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB2	1521	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB2	2076	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	1404	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PB2	939	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PB2	1404	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	NA	1246	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	NA	2082	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	PB2	1246	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	PB2	2082	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003058.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	36	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1404	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1715	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	2022	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	2115	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	36	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	1404	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	1715	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	2022	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	2115	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	2064	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	2067	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	PB2	2064	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	PB2	2067	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003655.vcf	NA	1246	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003655.vcf	NA	2082	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003655.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003655.vcf	PB2	1246	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003655.vcf	PB2	2082	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003655.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	NA	1246	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	PB2	1246	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003663.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	132	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	1689	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	1848	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB2	132	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB2	1689	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB2	1848	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	516	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	1075	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	1092	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	1734	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	1926	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB2	516	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB2	1075	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB2	1092	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB2	1734	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB2	1926	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	2064	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	2067	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB2	2064	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB2	2067	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	132	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	1848	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB2	132	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB2	1848	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004005.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	36	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB2	36	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB2	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	774	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	1926	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	PB2	774	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	PB2	1926	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 18 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	693	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	972	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	1521	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	2076	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB2	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB2	693	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB2	972	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB2	1521	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB2	2076	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	36	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB2	36	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB2	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB2	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	126	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1404	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PB2	126	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PB2	1404	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PB2	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 17 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 17 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	126	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1404	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	126	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	1404	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1404	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	594	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	1404	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	900	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB2	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB2	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB2	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB2	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB2	1050	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	693	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	1521	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PB2	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PB2	693	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PB2	1521	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	NA	972	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	NA	1521	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	NA	2076	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	PB2	972	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	PB2	1521	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	PB2	2076	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004934.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	36	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	36	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	219	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	1752	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	2166	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PB2	1500	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	15	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	693	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB2	45	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB2	693	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB2	1542	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB2	1839	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	36	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1831	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	36	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	408	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	591	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	618	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	762	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	999	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	1156	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	1386	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	1831	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	1921	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	1929	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	2187	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:27:38 2021. The process took 1880.00 secs, i.e., 31 mins and 20.00 secs
