file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:17:16 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	288	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NP	288	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	228	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	288	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	507	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	666	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NP	228	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NP	288	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NP	507	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NP	666	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	228	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	288	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	507	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	588	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	666	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1305	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NP	228	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NP	288	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NP	507	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NP	588	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NP	666	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NP	1305	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	1134	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NP	1134	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	288	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1083	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1323	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NP	288	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NP	1083	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NP	1323	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:22:50 2021. The process took 334.00 secs, i.e., 5 mins and 34.00 secs
