file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:17:16 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	989	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	989	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	78	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	78	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	78	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	78	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	78	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	78	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	455	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	455	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	929	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1153	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1173	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	929	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1153	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1173	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:22:35 2021. The process took 319.00 secs, i.e., 5 mins and 19.00 secs
