file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:17:16 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	558	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	1747	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	1751	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	HA	558	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	HA_antigenic	283	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather TCC. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	558	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	385	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	619	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	964	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1533	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	1704	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	385	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	619	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	964	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	1011	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	1533	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	1704	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	385	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	619	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	964	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1011	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1533	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1704	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	385	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	619	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	964	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1533	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	385	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	619	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	964	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	1011	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	1533	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	385	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	619	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	964	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1011	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1533	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003775.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	HA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003821.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	HA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003996.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003998.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004172.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	HA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	HA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004313.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004375.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	385	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	513	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	889	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1089	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1704	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA	205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA	385	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA	513	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA	889	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA	1011	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA	1089	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA	1704	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	385	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	513	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	889	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1011	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1089	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1704	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	HA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004638.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	HA	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	966	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:26:45 2021. The process took 569.00 secs, i.e., 9 mins and 29.00 secs
