file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:43:30 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	1299	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	PB2	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	PB2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	PB2	1299	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	204	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	420	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	423	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	531	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	546	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	984	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1048	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1071	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1278	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1812	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1959	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	2169	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	193	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	204	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	384	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	420	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	423	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	531	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	546	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	984	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	1048	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	1071	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	1278	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	1812	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	1959	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	2169	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	669	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	PB2	669	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	420	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	423	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	531	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	546	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	984	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1071	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1278	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1812	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1959	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	2169	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	384	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	420	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	423	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	531	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	546	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	984	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	1071	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	1278	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	1812	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	1959	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	2169	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	1191	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	1601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB2	576	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB2	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB2	1191	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB2	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB2	1601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	669	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	PB2	669	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	1601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB2	576	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB2	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB2	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB2	1601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	1191	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	1601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	1890	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB2	576	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB2	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB2	1191	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB2	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB2	1601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB2	1890	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	1601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	PB2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	PB2	1601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	1191	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	1601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	1890	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB2	576	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB2	1191	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB2	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB2	1601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB2	1890	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	1299	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	PB2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	PB2	1299	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	1380	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	1557	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	PB2	1380	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	PB2	1557	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	1791	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	PB2	1791	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	1557	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	PB2	1557	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	549	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	1299	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	PB2	549	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	PB2	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	PB2	1299	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	381	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB2	381	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB2	852	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	1299	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB2	1299	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	PB2	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	PB2	252	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	1022	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	1212	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB2	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB2	252	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB2	1022	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB2	1212	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	1022	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	1212	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB2	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB2	252	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB2	1022	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB2	1212	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	1022	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB2	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB2	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB2	1022	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	1557	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	PB2	1215	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	PB2	1557	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	PB2	1215	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	PB2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:50:15 2021. The process took 405.00 secs, i.e., 6 mins and 45.00 secs
