file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:43:29 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	547	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	HA	547	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	HA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	HA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	173	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	HA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	HA	173	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	HA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	547	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	559	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	HA	547	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	HA	559	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	HA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	HA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	HA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	173	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	HA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	HA	173	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	HA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	82	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	112	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	158	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	175	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	439	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	508	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	514	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	544	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	640	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	649	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	661	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	886	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	967	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1207	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1219	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1240	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1336	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1360	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1438	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1606	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1660	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 25 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	82	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	112	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	158	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	175	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	379	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	439	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	508	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	514	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	544	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	640	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	649	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	661	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	721	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	886	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	967	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	1207	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	1219	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	1240	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	1336	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	1360	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	1438	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	1606	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	1660	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 25 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	HA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	HA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002388.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	82	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	112	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	158	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	175	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	379	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	439	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	508	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	514	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	544	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	640	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	649	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	661	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	886	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1219	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1336	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1360	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1438	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1606	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1660	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	82	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	112	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	158	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	175	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	379	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	439	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	508	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	514	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	544	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	640	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	649	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	661	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	721	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	886	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	1219	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	1336	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	1360	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	1438	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	1606	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	1660	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	343	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	1474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	1808	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	HA	343	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	HA	424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	HA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	HA	1474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	HA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002905.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	343	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	1474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	1808	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	HA	343	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	HA	424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	HA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	HA	1474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	343	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	1474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	1808	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	HA	343	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	HA	424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	HA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	HA	1474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	343	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	1474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	HA	343	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	HA	424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	HA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	HA	1474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	343	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	928	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	1474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	1808	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	HA	343	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	HA	424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	HA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	HA	928	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	HA	1474	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	547	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	HA	547	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	HA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	HA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	HA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	1159	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	HA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	HA	1159	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	124	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	HA	124	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	1159	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	HA	1159	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	HA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	547	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	559	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	HA	547	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	HA	559	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	HA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	HA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	HA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	547	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	559	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	970	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	1252	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	HA	547	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	HA	559	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	HA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	HA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	HA	970	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	HA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	HA	1252	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	HA	67	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	HA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	1252	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	HA	601	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	HA	712	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	HA	961	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	HA	1096	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	HA	1252	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	HA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	HA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	574	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	1321	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	HA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	HA	574	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	HA	1321	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	574	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	1321	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	HA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	HA	574	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	HA	1321	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	574	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	1321	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	HA	130	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	HA	574	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	HA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	HA	1321	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	177	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	1835	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	HA	177	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	HA	229	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	HA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	1789	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	1835	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	HA	61	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	HA	229	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	HA	896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:49:26 2021. The process took 357.00 secs, i.e., 5 mins and 57.00 secs
