file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:26:49 2021
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	726	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1117	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1211	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1615	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1677	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	726	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	1117	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	1211	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	1615	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	1671	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	1677	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	1998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA-X	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	PA	969	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	PA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	PA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	PA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	PA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	PA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	141	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1449	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	2052	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	2191	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 17 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	141	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	969	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	977	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	1449	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	2052	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA-X	141	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	2052	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	PA	969	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	PA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	PA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	PA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	PA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	PA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	PA	2052	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	141	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	2052	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA	141	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA	977	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA	2052	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA-X	141	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	2052	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	PA	969	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	PA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	PA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	PA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	PA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	PA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	PA	2052	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	PA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	PA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	PA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	PA-X	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	PA-X	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	PA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	PA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	PA-X	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1147	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1455	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	1147	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	1455	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA-X	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA-X	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA-X	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA-X	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	1147	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	1455	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	1147	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	1455	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA-X	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA-X	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA-X	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1455	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	PA	1455	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1035	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA	1035	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA-X	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA-X	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA-X	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	PA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	207	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1914	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA	207	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA	1914	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA-X	207	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA-X	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA-X	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	PA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	PA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	PA-X	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	PA-X	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	871	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1035	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1455	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	871	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	1035	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	1455	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA-X	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA-X	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA-X	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA-X	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	267	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1431	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1665	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1824	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA	267	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA	285	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA	1431	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA	1665	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA	1824	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA-X	267	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA-X	285	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1147	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA	1147	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA-X	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA-X	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA-X	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	600	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA	600	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA-X	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA-X	600	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	1035	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	PA	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	PA	1035	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	PA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	PA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	PA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	PA-X	243	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	180	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	181	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA	180	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA	181	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA	1422	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA-X	180	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA-X	181	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	PA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	27	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA	27	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA	977	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA-X	27	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	600	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	1455	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	2088	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	600	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	1455	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	1675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	2038	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	2088	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	2140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA-X	168	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA-X	315	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA-X	510	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA-X	600	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA-X	630	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	PA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	PA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	PA	1140	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	PA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	PA	1413	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	PA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	PA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	PA	1908	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	PA	1989	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	PA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	PA-X	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	42	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	1164	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	PA	42	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	PA	1164	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	PA-X	42	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	PA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	993	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	PA	993	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	PA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	PA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	PA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	PA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	PA-X	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	PA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	1354	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA	1354	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA-X	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA-X	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	PA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	PA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	PA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	PA-X	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	PA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	1354	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	PA	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	PA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	PA	1354	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	PA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	PA-X	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	PA-X	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	PA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	1354	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	PA	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	PA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	PA	1354	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	PA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	PA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	PA-X	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	PA-X	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	PA	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	PA	1011	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	PA	1527	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	PA-X	397	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	PA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	PA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	PA-X	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	PA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	1354	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA	1354	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA	1785	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA	1968	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA-X	462	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA-X	534	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	PA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	PA	980	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	PA-X	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	PA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	PA-X	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	273	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	1734	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	1848	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	PA	273	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	PA	1500	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	PA	1734	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	PA	1848	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	PA-X	273	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	PA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	PA-X	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	1848	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	PA	1500	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	PA	1848	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	273	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	1500	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	1734	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	1848	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	PA	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	PA	273	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	PA	1500	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	PA	1734	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	PA	1848	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	PA-X	102	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	PA-X	273	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	PA	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	PA-X	330	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:48:23 2021. The process took 1294.00 secs, i.e., 21 mins and 34.00 secs
