file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 06:41:32 2021
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NS1	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NS1	102	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NS1	239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	136	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	341	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	395	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NEP	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NS1	136	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NS1	193	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NS1	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NS1	341	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NS1	395	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	136	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	207	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	633	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NEP	633	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NS1	136	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NS1	207	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NS1	633	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	65	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	77	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	83	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	136	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	180	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	193	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	207	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	226	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	442	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NEP	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	65	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	77	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	83	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	136	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	180	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	193	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	206	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	207	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	226	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	442	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	452	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	158	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	749	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NEP	749	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NS1	158	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	65	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	77	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	83	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	92	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	207	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	226	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	306	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	341	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	395	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	633	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	682	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	684	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NEP	633	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NEP	682	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NEP	684	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NEP	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	65	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	77	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	83	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	92	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	207	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	226	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	306	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	341	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	395	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	452	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	633	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	682	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	684	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	633	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NEP	633	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NS1	633	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NA	65	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NS1	65	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	65	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	77	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	83	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	136	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NEP	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NS1	65	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NS1	77	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NS1	83	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NS1	136	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NS1	452	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	146	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	682	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NEP	682	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NEP	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NS1	146	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NS1	682	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004462.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004462.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004462.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004462.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	729	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NEP	729	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	729	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NEP	729	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NEP	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NS1	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NA	729	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NEP	729	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	68	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	732	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NEP	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NEP	732	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NS1	68	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NS1	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	73	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NEP	771	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NS1	73	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NS1	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NS1	102	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NS1	239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	381	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NS1	102	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NS1	239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NS1	381	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NS1	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	68	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NS1	68	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NS1	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	729	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NEP	729	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NS1	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	68	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NEP	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NS1	68	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NS1	654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NS1	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NS1	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	73	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NS1	73	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NS1	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NS1	102	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NS1	239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NS1	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NS1	239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	302	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	646	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NEP	646	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NS1	302	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NS1	646	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NA	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NS1	56	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NS1	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	646	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NEP	646	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NS1	646	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NA	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NS1	285	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	102	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NS1	102	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 06:49:58 2021. The process took 506.00 secs, i.e., 8 mins and 26.00 secs
