file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:43:29 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	918	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	BM2	918	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	BM2	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	M1	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001131.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	BM2	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001132.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	918	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	1026	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	BM2	918	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	BM2	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	BM2	1026	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	M1	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	M1	688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001736.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	BM2	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001742.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	190	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	664	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	796	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	991	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	1009	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	BM2	783	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	BM2	796	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	BM2	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	BM2	991	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	BM2	1009	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	M1	190	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	M1	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	M1	664	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002048.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	664	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	991	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	1009	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	BM2	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	BM2	991	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	BM2	1009	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	M1	445	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	M1	664	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002752.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	49	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	91	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	M1	49	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	M1	91	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002834.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	91	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	M1	91	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003297.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	91	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	M1	91	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003323.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	91	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	M1	91	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003908.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	91	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	M1	91	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004171.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	918	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	BM2	918	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	BM2	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	M1	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004742.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	268	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	BM2	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	BM2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	M1	268	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005254.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	364	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	BM2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	M1	364	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005361.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	49	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	268	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	BM2	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	BM2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	M1	49	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	M1	268	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005582.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	49	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	M1	49	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005586.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	918	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	1026	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	BM2	918	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	BM2	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	BM2	1026	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	M1	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	M1	688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005798.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	49	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	804	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	1000	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	BM2	804	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	BM2	1000	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	M1	49	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	M1	601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	M1	643	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	M1	688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005799.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	918	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	BM2	918	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	BM2	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	M1	688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006000.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	804	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	1026	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	BM2	804	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	BM2	1026	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	M1	601	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	M1	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	M1	673	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	M1	688	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006054.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	894	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	BM2	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	BM2	894	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006201.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	894	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	BM2	894	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006202.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	49	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	894	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	BM2	894	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	M1	49	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006203.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	894	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	BM2	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	BM2	894	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR006427.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	BM2	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	BM2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	M1	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007098.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	BM2	780	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	BM2	1029	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	BM2	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	M1	670	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR007188.vcf	M1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:47:36 2021. The process took 247.00 secs, i.e., 4 mins and 7.00 secs
