file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:26:48 2021
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	108	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	111	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	250	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	566	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	571	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	950	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1112	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	108	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	111	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	250	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	566	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	571	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	950	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1112	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	230	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1102	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	230	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1102	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	230	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	278	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	230	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	278	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	230	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	230	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	278	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	278	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	599	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	599	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	599	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	1124	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	599	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	1124	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	246	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	851	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	1124	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	246	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	851	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	1124	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	941	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	941	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	1363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	1363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	407	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	407	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	184	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1361	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1407	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	184	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1361	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1407	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1024	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1407	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1024	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1407	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	246	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	246	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	59	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	251	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	261	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	359	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	607	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1328	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	59	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	251	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	261	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	359	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	607	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1328	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	71	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	184	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	71	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	184	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	246	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	599	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	851	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	1124	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	246	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	599	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	851	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	1124	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	243	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	274	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1102	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1362	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	243	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	274	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1102	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1362	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	71	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	184	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1024	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	71	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	184	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1024	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	246	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	281	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	491	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	624	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	905	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1195	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	246	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	281	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	365	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	491	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	624	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	905	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1195	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	71	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1361	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	71	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1361	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	71	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	71	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	59	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	359	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	607	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	59	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	359	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	607	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	251	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	261	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	359	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	607	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1328	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	251	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	261	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	359	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	464	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	607	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1328	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1363	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	274	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	278	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1362	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	274	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	278	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1214	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1362	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	1361	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	192	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	229	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	1361	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	1367	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	1367	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	1367	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	1367	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	243	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	274	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	278	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1102	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	223	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	243	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	274	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	278	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1102	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	44	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	44	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	140	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	263	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	140	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	263	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	44	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	44	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	207	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	207	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	1174	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	680	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	44	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	207	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	44	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	207	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	1043	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	269	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	413	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	800	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	863	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	864	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	269	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	413	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	800	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	863	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	864	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	209	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	413	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	800	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	863	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	159	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	209	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	413	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	800	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	863	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	209	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	413	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	800	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	863	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	864	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	209	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	413	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	800	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	863	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	864	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:39:23 2021. The process took 755.00 secs, i.e., 12 mins and 35.00 secs
