file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 06:41:33 2021
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	HA_antigenic	87	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather AAT. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002740.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	HA_nonantigenic	15	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather ACC. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR002744.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003000.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_antigenic	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003004.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003005.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003124.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003124.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003124.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003124.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003124.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003124.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003124.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003124.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003124.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003124.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003216.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003219.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003237.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003316.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003317.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003317.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003317.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003317.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003317.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003317.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003317.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003317.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003317.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003317.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003373.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003373.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003373.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003373.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003373.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003373.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003373.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003373.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003373.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1516	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 34 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1516	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 34 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1516	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003464.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	544	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	589	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	655	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 40 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	497	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	544	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	589	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	655	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 40 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	497	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	544	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	589	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	655	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 17 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003468.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003542.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1454	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1516	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 48 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1454	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1516	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 48 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 20 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1454	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1516	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003676.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 28 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003677.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003677.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003677.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003677.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003677.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003677.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	458	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 34 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	458	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 34 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	457	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	458	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003678.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 18 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	78	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	163	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	1600	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	78	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	163	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	1600	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	78	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	163	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1600	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003752.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	383	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	458	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	497	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	541	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	544	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	557	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	589	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	608	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	655	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 53 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	383	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	458	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	497	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	541	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	544	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	557	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	589	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	608	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	655	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 53 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	326	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	457	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	458	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	477	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	497	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	541	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	544	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	589	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	655	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 26 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	383	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	548	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	557	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	608	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1499	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003890.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 27 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	589	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	655	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	589	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	655	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	250	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	251	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	340	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	428	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	578	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	589	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	655	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	155	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	296	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	555	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003891.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003895.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003895.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003895.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003895.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003895.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003895.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003909.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003913.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003920.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003920.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003920.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003920.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003920.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003920.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003920.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003920.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003920.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	653	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1313	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1516	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	1700	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 37 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	653	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1313	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1516	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	1700	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 37 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	200	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	337	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	392	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	447	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	496	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	643	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	653	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	710	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	721	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	893	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	998	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	189	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	932	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1042	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1104	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1121	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1166	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1223	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1259	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1277	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1281	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1313	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1379	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1502	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1516	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1535	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1650	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1656	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1700	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004002.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	287	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	1262	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA	287	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA	1262	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_antigenic	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	287	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1262	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004328.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	NA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	NA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	HA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	HA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	HA_antigenic	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004453.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	NA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	HA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	HA_antigenic	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004454.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	NA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	NA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	HA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	HA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	HA_antigenic	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004455.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA_antigenic	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004458.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004462.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004462.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004462.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004462.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004462.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004462.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004469.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004555.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004555.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004555.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004555.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004555.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004555.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004555.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004555.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA_antigenic	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004571.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA_antigenic	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004578.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA_antigenic	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004702.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA_antigenic	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004825.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NA	12	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NA	1630	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	HA	1630	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1630	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005044.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005160.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	HA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005334.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	12	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	1205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	1630	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	HA	1205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	HA	1630	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1630	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005339.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_antigenic	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005340.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	1435	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	1435	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_antigenic	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1435	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005507.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA_antigenic	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005510.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NA	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NA	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA_antigenic	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005511.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA_antigenic	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005512.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	1644	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA	1644	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA_antigenic	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1644	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005517.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA_antigenic	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005524.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	NA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA_antigenic	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005611.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA_antigenic	199	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	28	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	119	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005613.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA_antigenic	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005785.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005799.vcf	NA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005799.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005799.vcf	HA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005799.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005799.vcf	HA_antigenic	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005799.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	NA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	HA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	HA_antigenic	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005803.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	NA	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	NA	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	HA	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	HA	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	HA_antigenic	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005806.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA_antigenic	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005946.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	1205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	1630	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	HA	1205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	HA	1630	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1205	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1630	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005949.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA_antigenic	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006103.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	NA	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	NA	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	NA	1652	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA	1652	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA_antigenic	631	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1283	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1652	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006108.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006113.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006329.vcf	NA	788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006329.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006329.vcf	HA	788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006329.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006329.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006329.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_antigenic	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006520.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	NA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	HA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	HA_antigenic	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006679.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	HA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	HA_antigenic	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006682.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA_antigenic	498	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006818.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	113	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	299	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	792	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	113	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	299	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	792	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_antigenic	299	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_antigenic	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	113	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	792	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	812	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	914	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1553	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007032.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	535	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	662	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA	535	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA	662	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA_antigenic	535	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	662	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007126.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007190.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007190.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007190.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007190.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007190.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007190.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007190.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007190.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007190.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007191.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007270.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007359.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007359.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007359.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007359.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007359.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007359.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007359.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007359.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007359.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	HA	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	HA_antigenic	753	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007474.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	535	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	662	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	1247	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA	535	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA	662	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA	1247	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA_antigenic	484	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA_antigenic	535	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	63	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	662	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1247	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007493.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NA	116	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NA	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NA	1493	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA	116	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA	1493	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA_antigenic	954	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	116	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1493	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007606.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007749.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	HA	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	HA	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	43	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	275	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008338.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	469	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	1449	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	1541	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	469	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	1449	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	1541	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_antigenic	310	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_antigenic	426	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_antigenic	452	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_antigenic	469	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	335	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	911	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1286	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1449	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1511	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1541	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1654	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR008902.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	NA	469	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	NA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	NA	1449	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	NA	1541	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA	469	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA	1449	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA	1541	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA_antigenic	469	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1127	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1449	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1541	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR009188.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:08:01 2021. The process took 1588.00 secs, i.e., 26 mins and 28.00 secs
