file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:26:49 2021
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1359	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1419	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 20 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	1359	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	1419	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 20 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
N/A	HA_antigenic	283	Does not begin with a START (ATG) codon, but rather TCC. If this was unexpected, please check your annotations
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	231	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1359	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1419	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 20 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	513	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA	513	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA_antigenic	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	513	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	513	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	901	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1356	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	1404	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	513	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	901	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	1356	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	1404	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_antigenic	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	513	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	901	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1356	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1404	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	485	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	901	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	485	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	901	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_antigenic	485	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_antigenic	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	901	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	485	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	513	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	901	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	485	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	513	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	901	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_antigenic	485	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_antigenic	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	513	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	576	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	901	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	HA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	HA	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	879	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA_antigenic	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA_antigenic	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	958	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	958	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_antigenic	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	958	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	552	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	1260	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA	552	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA	1260	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	552	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1260	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	1165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_antigenic	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	958	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1602	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	1699	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	958	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	1602	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	1699	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	958	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1602	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1699	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	411	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1302	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1674	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1695	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	1704	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	411	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	1185	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	1302	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	1674	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	1695	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	1704	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	411	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1185	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1302	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1674	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1695	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1704	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	1602	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	1699	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA	1602	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA	1699	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1602	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1699	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA_antigenic	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	891	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1016	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1170	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1404	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	1482	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA	891	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA	1016	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA	1170	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA	1404	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA	1482	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_antigenic	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	891	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1016	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1170	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1404	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1482	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1602	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	1699	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	1165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	1602	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	1699	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_antigenic	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1239	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1602	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1699	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	81	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	481	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	589	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	686	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	852	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1038	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1317	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	1704	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	81	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	481	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	589	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	686	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	852	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	1011	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	1038	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	1317	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	1386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	1424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	1704	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	81	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	481	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	589	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	686	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	852	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1011	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1038	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1317	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1704	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	186	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1533	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	186	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	1533	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_antigenic	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	57	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	186	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1533	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	289	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA	289	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_antigenic	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	289	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	551	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1428	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	289	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	348	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	958	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA	289	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA	348	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA	958	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA_antigenic	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	289	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	348	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	958	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	411	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	1302	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	HA	411	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	HA	1185	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	HA	1302	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	411	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1185	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1302	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1011	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1674	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1695	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	1704	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	1011	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	1185	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	1424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	1674	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	1695	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	1704	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1011	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1185	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1424	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1674	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1695	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1704	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	323	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	696	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1016	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	1482	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	323	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	591	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	696	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	1016	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	1482	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_antigenic	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	323	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	591	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	696	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1016	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1482	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	289	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	348	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	1245	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	289	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	348	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	1245	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_antigenic	486	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	289	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	348	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	384	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	462	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	719	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1245	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1631	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	HA	28	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	28	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	591	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	696	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	891	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1016	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1170	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1356	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1404	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	1482	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 17 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	591	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	696	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	891	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	1016	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	1170	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	1356	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	1404	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	1482	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 17 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_antigenic	537	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	210	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	372	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	430	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	591	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	696	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	891	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1016	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1170	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1227	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1356	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1404	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1482	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 16 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	1386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA	1386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1386	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	HA	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1101	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	1520	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA	1520	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1520	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	28	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA	28	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	28	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA_antigenic	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	1485	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	HA	1485	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1485	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 25 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 25 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 25 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	456	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 21 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 21 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 21 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA_antigenic	628	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA_antigenic	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	162	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1074	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 24 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 24 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 24 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 18 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 18 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 18 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	HA	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	165	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	1630	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	1630	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	339	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	783	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	850	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1119	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1167	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1284	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1365	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1559	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1590	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1630	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 22 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	HA	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1632	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	HA	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	HA	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	48	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	457	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	123	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	237	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	318	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	621	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	626	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	777	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	846	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	915	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	933	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	939	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	969	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	977	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1254	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1488	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	1671	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	HA_nonantigenic	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:50:34 2021. The process took 1425.00 secs, i.e., 23 mins and 45.00 secs
