file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:26:49 2021
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	643	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	672	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NEP	643	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NEP	672	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NEP	741	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NS1	643	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NS1	672	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001353.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001544.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001555.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NS1	502	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001605.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001607.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR001934.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	176	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NS1	176	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NS1	508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003003.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	176	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	726	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NEP	726	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NS1	176	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NS1	508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003071.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	176	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	726	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NEP	726	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NS1	176	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NS1	508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003123.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NEP	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NS1	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NS1	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NS1	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003217.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NEP	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NS1	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NS1	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003218.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	422	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NS1	422	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003470.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NEP	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NS1	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NS1	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NS1	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003537.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	224	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NEP	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NS1	224	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NS1	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NS1	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NS1	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003544.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	176	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NS1	176	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NS1	508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003571.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	470	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NEP	753	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NS1	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NS1	401	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NS1	470	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003795.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	224	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NEP	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NS1	224	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NS1	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NS1	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NS1	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003797.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	726	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NEP	726	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NS1	508	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003886.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	23	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NEP	23	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NEP	675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NS1	23	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NS1	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR003921.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	224	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NEP	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NS1	224	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NS1	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NS1	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NS1	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004156.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	247	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	256	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	353	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	712	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NEP	712	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NS1	247	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NS1	256	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NS1	353	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004170.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NEP	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NS1	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NS1	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NS1	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004179.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NEP	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NS1	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NS1	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NS1	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004330.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NEP	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NS1	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NS1	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NS1	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004332.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	470	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NEP	753	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NS1	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NS1	401	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NS1	470	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004420.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	401	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	470	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	753	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NEP	753	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NS1	392	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NS1	401	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NS1	470	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004448.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004452.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004565.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004572.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	23	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	149	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	272	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NEP	23	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NEP	675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NS1	23	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NS1	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NS1	149	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NS1	272	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004672.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NEP	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NS1	245	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NS1	362	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NS1	674	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004703.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004704.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004709.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004710.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004712.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004820.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	23	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	149	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	272	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NEP	23	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NEP	675	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NS1	23	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NS1	95	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NS1	149	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NS1	272	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004822.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004826.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR004827.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005003.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005015.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005048.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005049.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005252.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005254.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005327.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005352.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005355.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005357.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	431	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NS1	431	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005519.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	146	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NS1	146	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005583.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005586.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005590.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005612.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005697.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	682	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NEP	682	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005810.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	302	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	431	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NS1	302	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NS1	431	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005939.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005966.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR005980.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NEP	708	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NEP	717	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NS1	170	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006050.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006066.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006068.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	302	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	431	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NS1	302	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NS1	431	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NS1	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006081.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006217.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006314.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006402.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	68	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	113	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	440	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NS1	68	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NS1	113	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NS1	440	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR006778.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NEP	744	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NEP	751	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NEP	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007193.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	68	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	113	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	440	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NS1	68	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NS1	113	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NS1	440	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007266.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	68	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	113	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	440	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NS1	68	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NS1	113	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NS1	440	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007284.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NS1	236	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NS1	252	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NS1	266	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NS1	347	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_19VR007759.vcf	NS1	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:36:42 2021. The process took 593.00 secs, i.e., 9 mins and 53.00 secs
