file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 07:17:17 2021
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	247	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	796	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	PA	247	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	PA	796	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	PA-X	247	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002051.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	816	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	2179	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PA	816	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002899.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	437	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	481	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1410	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	2034	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA	437	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA	481	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA	1203	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA	1410	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA	1782	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA	1881	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA	2034	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA-X	437	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA-X	481	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003450.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004000.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	PA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004175.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004235.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	PA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004248.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1098	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1158	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1231	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	1356	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PA	1098	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PA	1158	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PA	1231	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PA	1356	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004487.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	PA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004556.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	NA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	PA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004659.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	NA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	PA	1080	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004845.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PA	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PA-X	93	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004864.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:25:51 2021. The process took 514.00 secs, i.e., 8 mins and 34.00 secs
