file	product	site	LOG
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie initiated at local time Sun Apr 18 06:56:17 2021
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR013816.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014303.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014303.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014371.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	NA	1606	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	PA	1606	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014505.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1546	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	1809	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PA	1546	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PA	1809	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014747.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	180	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PA	180	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PA-X	180	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014815.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	NA	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	PA	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	PA-X	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014896.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	NA	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	PA	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	PA-X	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR014897.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	NA	1809	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	PA	1809	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015004.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1546	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	1809	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PA	1546	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PA	1809	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015006.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015092.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_17VR015092.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	2198	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PA-X	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001129.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	NA	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	NA	2172	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	PA	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	PA-X	391	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001337.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	180	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PA	180	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PA-X	180	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001520.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	357	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	2198	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 7 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PA	357	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PA	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PA-X	357	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PA-X	468	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001527.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	204	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 6 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PA	204	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PA	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PA-X	204	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PA-X	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001685.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	729	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	2187	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PA	729	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PA	1590	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PA-X	729	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001710.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	81	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PA	81	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PA-X	81	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001888.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	81	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PA	81	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PA-X	81	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001890.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001894.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	81	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PA	81	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PA-X	81	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR001966.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002052.vcf	NA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002052.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002052.vcf	PA	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002052.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002052.vcf	PA-X	477	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002052.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	204	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PA	204	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PA	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PA-X	204	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PA-X	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002075.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	204	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PA	204	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PA	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PA-X	204	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PA-X	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002079.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	729	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PA	729	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PA	1590	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PA-X	729	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002160.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PA	741	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PA-X	741	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002212.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002213.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002214.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	741	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PA	741	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PA-X	741	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002389.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	435	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	1446	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	1947	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PA	435	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PA	1446	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PA	1947	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PA-X	435	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002588.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1546	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1590	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1809	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	1821	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA	909	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA	1546	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA	1590	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA	1809	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA	1821	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA-X	399	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002645.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR002648.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	762	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	1410	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	2049	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PA	762	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PA	1410	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PA	2049	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PA-X	762	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003034.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	1190	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PA	1190	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003056.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	567	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	2177	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 24 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	567	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 23 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA-X	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA-X	567	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003060.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	921	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	PA	921	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003296.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	7	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	54	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PA	54	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PA-X	54	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003772.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	658	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PA	658	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PA-X	658	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003776.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	711	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	921	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	1701	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PA	711	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PA	921	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PA	1701	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PA-X	711	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR003915.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	2177	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 14 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004088.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	658	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	PA	658	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	PA-X	658	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004244.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	11	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 20 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA-X	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004249.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	762	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	1410	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	2049	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PA	762	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PA	1410	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PA	2049	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 4 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PA-X	762	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004315.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	2177	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA-X	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004483.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	11	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	2177	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 13 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA-X	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004484.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	11	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	2177	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 21 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA-X	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004496.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	2177	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004557.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 15 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA-X	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004559.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 18 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 18 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004561.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004562.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 17 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 17 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004563.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1788	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1914	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 19 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004622.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	1083	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	1452	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004624.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 11 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PA	1017	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PA	1293	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PA	1332	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004851.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 5 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	1410	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	2049	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PA	1410	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PA	2049	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004928.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	855	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	1611	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	1665	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	1728	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 12 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA-X	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR004997.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	2177	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA	1215	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA	1383	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA	1896	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 8 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005017.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	435	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	809	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PA	435	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PA	809	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 2 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PA-X	435	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005252.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	131	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	1845	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PA	131	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PA	1845	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PA-X	131	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005296.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 1 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	2177	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	NA	N/A	A total of 10 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA	849	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA	933	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA	1185	Variant 'A' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA	1275	Variant 'T' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA	1542	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA	1935	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA	N/A	A total of 9 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA-X	108	Variant 'C' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA-X	264	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA-X	351	Variant 'G' excluded from analysis because it falls below the minimum minor allele frequency
temp_vcf4_18VR005308.vcf	PA-X	N/A	A total of 3 variants have been excluded because they fall below the minimum minor allele frequency
NA	NA	NA	SNPGenie completed at local time Sun Apr 18 07:37:56 2021. The process took 2499.00 secs, i.e., 41 mins and 39.00 secs
